- Video Distribution Summary
    This figure showed the daily hot, new, trending videos distribution.
    As we observed that DTube has a lot of YouTube redirection about twice as more than other type.

- Video Duration CDF
    This figure showed the video duration CDF distribution, we can observe that about 90% of the video is below 25 min.
    Also all the location aligned almost perfectly indicate that DTube does not advertise different content based on
    geo-location.

- Video Bandwidth CDF
    This figure showed the overall bandwidth CDF distribution among all video we recorded from local gateway and public
    gateway.
    We observed that NY had the highest bandwidth and JP had the smallest bandwidth.
    The EU had a strange curve on public gateway we suspect maybe due to updates on the script and
    causing inaccurate data.

- Bandwidth Local VS Public
    This figure showed a more deep analysis on how local reachable video's bandwidth compare to its public gateway
    bandwidth.
    We observed that in general local gateway has much higher bandwidth compare to public gateway when access the same
    video.
    * Note: The discontinuity in the graph indicate that the local gateway was not able to reach the content

- Bandwidth Public VS Public
    This figure showed a comparison between average public bandwidth (local gateway is reachable) and public bandwidth
    (local gateway non-reachable).
    We observed that the bandwidth is higher when the video is not reachable.
    We suspect that when DTube gateway does not have the video it goes through the same IPFS routing thus causing
    additional hops
    * Note: The discontinuity in the graph indicate that the local gateway was not able to reach the content

- Video Connection Time CDF
    This figure showed overall connection time between local gateway and public gateway.
    We observed that the overall public gateway has less connection time and this is expected as it is being served
    from single host.

- Connection Time Local VS Public
    This figure showed how local gateway reachable video's connection time between local gateway and public gateway.
    We observed that local gateway's connection time is much higher than public gateway.
    * Note: The discontinuity in the graph indicate that the local gateway was not able to reach the content

- Connection Time Public VS Public
    This figure show connection time between public gateway (local gateway reachable video) and public gateway
    (non-reachable).
    We observed that in general the public gateway (non-reachable) is higher than public gateway (reachable)

- Video Ratio
    This figure showed the video count between public gateway reachable video and local gateway reachable video
    It clearly showed that most of the video is not reachable through regular IPFS routing, we suspect that DTube had
    it private IPFS nodes and cluster, and it is only accessible through its own gateway.

- Provider Count CDF
    This figure showed the provider count CDF amount all the video that is local gateway reachable.
    We observed that 50 % if the video only has 3 providers

- Provider RTT CDF
    This figure showed the provider RTT CDF.
    We observed that 50% of the provider has RTT of close to 100 ms.
    In addition, NY and CA seems to have lower RTT we suspect most of the provider may be in the US.

- Table to show
    Location        Total Vid       Reachable       Distribution
    NY              422             21              {'United States': 11, 'Japan': 1, 'Netherlands': 3}
    CA              379             21              {'United States': 11, 'Japan': 1, 'Netherlands': 4}
    EU              367             20              {'United States': 11, 'Japan': 1, 'Netherlands': 4}
    JP              376             21              {'United States': 11, 'Japan': 1, 'Netherlands': 4}

    This data further proved our speculation of most provider is from the US and CA and NY has lower RTT